[Cache] Add clarification about priority (#13067)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/how-to/cache-rules/order.md

3. If you have Page Rules implemented for caching on the same path, Cache Rules will take precedence by design.

> 4. Cache rules take precedence over zone-wide rules in the configuration tab within the cache settings. This means that when configuring your cache settings, rules that are more specific take precedence over broader, zone-wide configurations. For example, the timeout duration for the entire zone `example.com` is set to 600 seconds. However, there is a rule specifically for the hostname `timeout.example.com` that sets it to 1200 seconds. In this case, `timeout.example.com` will use the longer timeout of 1200 seconds, overriding the zone-wide setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Cache rules can be more specific than website-wide settings in the cache configuration tab, so they take precedence over website-wide settings on requests they match against. For example, if browser cache TTL is set to 4 hours for the entire website `example.com` and there is a cache rule matching requests with a path of `/feed` setting browser cache TTL to 10 seconds, the cache rule will override the website-wide setting for requests to `https://example.com/feed`.
```
